added more documentation of dependencies (#1002)
yeatmanlab/pyAFQ: docs/source/index.rst

-------------------------------------------------

pyAFQ is an open-source software tool for the analysis of brain white matter in
diffusion MRI measurements. It implements a complete and automated data

> processing pipeline for tractometry from raw DTI data to fibre tract identification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processing pipeline for tractometry, from raw DTI data to white matter tract identification
```

, as well as quantification of tissue properties along the length of the 
major long-range brain white matter connections.

> This tool provides an alternative to whole-brain voxel-based analyses (VBA).

Reviewer: I don't think we need this sentence here.

```suggestion
```

  create and link to page that identifies the supported `tissue properties`
  (believe this includes both dti and dki? fa, md, cfa?, and pdd?)

.. note::

>   Tractography is concerned with the visualization and mapping of white matter

Reviewer: I think that we should move this paragraph into a page of its own in the "explanations" section of the documentation under the title "What are tractography, tractometry and voxel-based analysis?" or something like that.

Reviewer 2: I think that since this is quick explanation of the two, we can leave it here for now. We can fill out the explanations page with something more detailed later.
